Jesus, you really don't remember what happened last year?	天 你们居然不记得去年发生的事了吗
Pay some fucking attention this time.	妈逼这次用心点看吧
Your life's not simple, Fiona, and you're nothing like anyone I've ever met.	你的生活复杂沉重 菲奥娜 你是我前所未见的 最与众不同的
You make me want to enjoy my life again.	你燃起了我重新享受生活的欲望
Who the hell is that?	这老东西什么人
My dad.	我老爹
In my whole career , I've never seen such a	我从医这么多年来 还从没见过
spectaular display of alcoholism. -Thankyou.	这么神奇的酒精中毒案例 -谢谢
How much are we short? - $18.30.	还缺多少钱 -18块30分
I'm take the PSATs for some Polish kid.	我要给一个波兰小鬼当高考预考的枪手
Are you able to kick in, like, ten more?	你还能再赚个 十块钱吗
I get paid Friday.	我周五要发工资
Okay, I'll figure out the rest.	好的 剩下的我来想办法
I can loan you the money.	我可以借钱给你
We don't need your charity .	我们不需要你的施舍
'"Fiona, thanks for a night I'll never forget."	菲奥娜 谢谢你给了我难忘的一夜
Who the fuck's Tony?	托尼是哪个傻逼
I've waited a long time for last night to happen .	昨天晚上的事 我期待了很长时间
At least Tony's not coming here getting all in my family's business What the fuck is wrong, Frank ?!	至少托尼不会过来 掺和我们的家事 你他妈有 病吗 弗兰克
Maybe that's what I want.	也许这就是我想要的
You know nothing about me.	你一点也不了解我
Then teach me!	那你告诉我啊
I'm gay. - I know.	我是同性恋 -我知道
That's for screwing my husband.	这拳是因为你操我丈夫
I want another baby.	我要再生个孩子
What? - I get what I want, and you can have what you want.	什么 -我得偿所愿 你也可以得偿所愿
Put the candy back, now.	把糖放回去 赶紧的
Fuck! - Shit!	操 -妈的
I like you, Fiona.	我喜欢你 菲奥娜
You're a dirty girl, like me.	你也是个下流女 和我一样
Jasmine, this is Veronica.	茉莉 这位是维罗妮卡
V lives next door. - Hiya, v.	小维住在隔壁 -你好 小维
We're only taking in a foster kid for a week to get the money to pay for my stupid parking tickets.	小凯 寄养儿童只能待一个星期 拿到钱我好去付那该死的停车罚款单
Want to go over to the park, Throw the old pigskin around?	你想去公园转转吗 扔扔橄榄球啥的
Would it be all right if my son Jonah came?	我儿子乔纳能来这吗
I scored you a 2,200.	我给你考了2200分
I'm an investigator for the educational evaluation service.	我是高等教育评估组织的调查员
This is the robotics lab. It is the best in the country.	这是机器人实验室 是全国最好的
Come by anytime.	随时都可以来
Science just turns me on.	科学让我欲火焚身
What are you hiding?	你在躲什么呢
I left them.	我离开她们了
Your house is Frank's wet dream.	你们家就是弗兰克的春梦
Never gonna get him out.	他永远也不愿意从中醒来
Dad. - Son.	爸 -儿子
What are we? - Friends.	我们算什么关系 -朋友
Just friends? - Friends who like to do this.	朋友而已 -朋友兼炮友
I knew that.	我知道
It says here you can re-dedicate yourself as a virgin.	上面说 你可以再次恢复贞洁之身
Oral sex, orgy, big black strap-on dildo.	口交 纵欲 黑色假阳具
You whore!	你个婊子
He humiliated me!	他当众羞辱我
Get out!	滚出去
Don't ever come back!	再也别回来了
You're out of the house.	你走出来了
I'm out of the house!	我走出来了
What do you think now, daddy? Am I still a whore?	现在如何 爸爸 我还是婊子吗
Frank? Frank?!	弗兰克 弗兰克
I think I was kind of falling in love with her.	我觉得我有点爱上她了
How long you been stealing cars?	你偷车多久了
Who says I steal them?	谁说我偷车了
I have to leave town. Come with me.	我必须离开这里 跟我走吧
Costa Rica, it's beautiful.	哥斯达黎加 那儿美极了
I think I might be in love with him.	我大概是爱上他了
Scary, isn't it?	很可怕 是吧
I love you. I want to be with you.	我爱你 我想和你在一起
Come with me.	跟我走吧
Won't be long now, Frank.	用不了多久了 弗兰克
In a few days, she's gonna make it to the store, then the hair salon, Alibi room.	几天之内 她就能走到商店 美发厅 艾莱柏酒吧
Gonna meet your friends.	会遇着你的朋友们
Hear all those heart-warming, scumbag freeloading Frank stories.	会听到弗兰克温暖人心 卑鄙下流 白吃白占的 光荣事迹
Who the hell is that?	这他妈谁啊
Friend from group.	组里的朋友
Group?	组里
Gig's almost up, Daddy Frank.	好日子要到头了 弗兰克老爸
Time to make other plans.	该想别的办法了
One hundred!	一百了
Hey, cut it off, Ernie.	停下来吧 厄尼
Thanks, lieutenant.	谢了 副官
Hey, do you mind if we drop Cami off early tomorrow?	我们明天早点把凯米送过来可以吗
Teresa's got inventory at Costco.	明天好市多要存货 特蕾莎得早点去
No problem.	没问题
And tell Teresa thanks for the case of dented soup.	特蕾莎把包装有损的汤罐头给我们 代我谢谢她
Bye-bye, Cami. Mwah.	拜拜 凯米
Pool's open!	泳池开放
Eddie goes to the corner for a pack of lucky 's, never heard from again.	埃迪去了什么福窝啊 一点信儿都没有
Goddamn city couldn't wait to stop paying him.	二逼市政府等不及停发他的工资呢
Wasn't two weeks before the checks stopped coming.	两周不到 支票就不寄来了
And now what are we supposed to live off of?	现在要我们靠什么活
Sheila's single disability check?	希拉的单身残疾金吗
How does Mr. Osama-Obama expect us to survive on that?	奥萨马·奥巴马先生指望我们靠这个活下去吗
He gonna try and tase me. I hit him.	他要电击我 我就打了他
If Sheila does go to work, what's she going to make?	要是希拉真的工作 她又能赚多少
Minimum wage ... at best.	最多拿个最低工资
Nobody's heard from Eddie?	没人知道埃迪的消息吗
Not a word.	毫无消息
Man's got no sense of responsibility .	这人怎么一点不负责任呢
Leaving a family of three to fend for ourselves.	留下我们一家三口要自己找活路
I got tased twice, man.	我被电击了两次 伙计
Bullshit.	扯蛋
What you say?	你说什么
I said bullshit!	我说 扯蛋
I got tasered for like a second, I crapped myself.	我被电击过才一秒 就尿了裤子了
There's no way you got tasered twice, fought off three cops ran away.	你根本不可能被电击两次 再打倒三个条子 撒 丫子走人
You calling me a liar?	你是说我是骗子吗
At the very least, an exaggerator.	至少也是个吹牛皮的
A grand says I did.	赌一千块钱
Kev, you still got that taser back there?	小凯 你的电击枪还在吗
I'll see your grand and add nine more.	赌一千块钱 再加九千
10,000 in American legal tender says you can not get tasered twice and not soil your tighty whities, much less keep standing.	一万元的美利坚法定货币 赌你不可能被电击两 次 还尿不湿你的小裤裤 更不用说还能站着了
All right, shithead.	好吧 二货
Move.	让开
Do it.	动手
Do it!	动手
Again!	再来
What?!	什么样
Where's my ten grand, motherfucker?	我的一万块呢 狗娘养的
Hey, gorgeous, more Diablos.	美人儿 再来点鸡尾酒
Oh, you think these boy scouts can handle that kind of heat, girls?	你觉得那些童子军们 能承受这种热辣吗 妞儿
No. No, not a chance.	不 绝不可能
Six more Diablos, a JB back, ketel one up with a lime wedge, Maker's seven, and four Stellas.	六杯角龙 一瓶简巴威士忌 柠檬片装饰 梦工厂 七杯 还要四杯斯特拉
Haven't given up on that one yet?	还没死心呐
Every summer needs a challenge .	过暑假总要有个挑战
Man's in love with his own fabulous self.	他已经爱上完美的自己了
Fiona!	菲奥娜
Who's that, slutty's husband?	谁啊 浪女的丈夫吗
No. Hal's rounder.	不是 霍尔没这么老
Fi, this is my friend, David.	小菲 这是我朋友大卫
Jasmine's told me a lot about you.	茉莉常提起你
Only that you're fabulous, smart, and unbelievably sexy.	只说你很好很聪明 而且性感至极
And that you're home for the summer from Princeton.	从普林斯顿来过暑假的
I'll get us a table.	我去找个位置
Okay.	好的
Princeton?	普林斯顿
We're going out later. You want to come?	我们稍后出去 你一起来吗
What about Hal?	那霍尔呢
Annual Michigan fishing trip with the softball buddies.	和他的垒球伙伴们搞年度密歇根钓鱼游了
Mosquitos, bratwurst and gallons of budweiser.	蚊子 香肠 外加一堆百威啤酒
Sounds pretty brokeback to me.	听起来真够基的
Come later, live a little.	待会儿聊 耍起来哦
That a regular thing?	经常这样吗
First time I've seen him.	从我们认识那天起就这样
She probably did his taxes, then did him.	她大概先搞定了他的税金 然后就搞了他
Kick him back, you're punching like a fag.	快回击 你打得像个娘们儿
First round. Go to your corners.	第一局 回你那边
Marty - You know you're supposed to hit him back, right?	马蒂 -你知不知道你应该狠狠回击
Fuck, that kid hits hard.	操 那小子打得真狠
What did you think this was going to be?	你以为打拳什么样啊
I didn't think he could punch me with a foot.	我没想到他能踢得那么高
You see that? He kicked me in the top of my goddam head.	看见没 妈逼他用脚踢到我的头了
Listen, look at me. You want to throw in the towel ?	听我说 你想认输吗
Round two.	第二局
I would if I was smart.	我要是聪明的话就认输
He's crazy about you.	他对你痴迷不已
Long island, two landsharks, three mojitos, Margarita no salt, chivas neat and a jack rocks.	一杯长岛 两杯陆鲨 三杯莫吉托 无盐玛格丽塔 纯芝华士和加冰杰克丹尼
All the woman needs is a pole .	那女人有跟管就能活
Why don't you come out with us later.	你一会和我们一起出去吧
Kev won't mind. - I can't.	小凯不会介意的 -我不行
I got a shift at the nursing home in the morning.	早晨在疗养院有一轮班
This better be somebody who's about to give me a gigantic tip.	这咸猪手最好属于某个出手阔绰的家伙
God, I'm so sorry.	天呐 不好意思
I thought your ass was my drink.	我以为我点的酒是你的美臀
Hey, Justin Bieber.	注意点 小嫩仔
How's things at Goldman Sachs?	在高盛工作得如何
Going well enough for me to afford getting ripped off coming here.	油水挺多 足够我 到这里消遣挨宰
And it's JP Morgan. - Oh, whatever.	我在摩根大通工作 -随便啦
All you mortgage-raping shits should be in prison anyway .	你们用抵押贷款来剥削劳动人民 迟早会进监狱
Yeah, well, I was in grad school during the mortgage crisis .	次贷危机时我还在读研究生
Nowadays, we're trying to short euros so Greece will go bankrupt .	目前 我们通过卖空欧元 以使希腊破产
Are we on for later?	待会能约你出去吗
I haven't decided if I still like you.	我没考虑好是否还继续喜欢你
Later, mama bear .	待会见 熊妈妈
In bed with the lights out by 10:00.	十点准时熄灯睡觉
What?	怎么了
Order's up.	上酒吧
How the hell did that little guy kick Kurt- fucking-Landis' ass?	那小鬼头是如何把操蛋科特·兰蒂斯打败的
We make anything on my fight? Thanks, Rasmik!	我那场比赛赚钱了吗 谢了 拉斯米克
Nah, nobody wanted the odds.	没 胜负太明显 没人会押的
What'd you put down? - On the fight you lost?	你压了多少钱 -你输的那一场吗
Nada. Fraternal loyalty doesn't extend to stupidity, bud.	零元 兄弟忠诚可不会让我犯傻 老哥
So, Mickey's out soon, yeah?	米奇很快就出狱了 是吧
In about a week or so if he doesn't stab anybody else.	只要他不再乱捅人 就还有一个星期
Plastic fork-- barely broke the kid's skin, but it bought him another 30 days.	塑料叉子 那小崽连皮都没破 但他就被多关30  天
You got to be looking forward to having Mickey home again, huh?	你一定很期待米奇回家 是吧
I guess.	应该吧
Hey, I want to stage another fight night next week.	我想下周再参加一次搏击夜
Go around to the dojos, round up some more scrappers, all right?	去转转武术馆 多拉拢些拳击手来 好吧
Sure. Where you going?	行 你要去哪
Karen's.	凯伦家
Thought you gave up on that.	你不是放弃她了吗
See ya.	再见
Karen Jackson? After that thing with your dad?	凯伦·杰克逊 她不是和你爸搞过了吗
I'm sneaking antibiotics into his toothpaste, just in case.	以防万一 我在他牙膏里偷混了抗生素
Tomorrow fuckhead!	期限明天 傻逼
Jesus Christ!	我的老天啊
Fuck!	操他妈的
Friend dropped me off.	朋友送我回来的
Right.	是嘛
What the hell you doing here?	你在这儿干什么
Came to see Karen.	去看凯伦
She went with a guy to her group.	他和一男的去参加小组会了
What group?	什么小组
Sex addicts anonymous.	匿名性瘾戒除会
Well, can I come in and wait?	我能进屋里等她吗
No.	不行
Looks like old man Dave is beating your time, Romeo.	看来大卫那老家伙比你持久 罗密欧
Yeah, well, I'm working without pharmaceutical assistance .	我可没有靠伟哥帮助
He was popping little blue pills-- I counted four.	他吞了小蓝药片 我数了 4颗
Four, wow. We could be here awhile.	4颗 估计得在这呆挺久啊
Ah, fuck! I told my boss I'd meet him for a run in about an hour.	操 我告诉老板1个小时后 和他去跑步
I could run with you.	我可以和你一起跑
I ran track in high school.	我高中是跑田径的
What? Don't look so surprised.	干嘛 别那么惊讶的表情
I ran distance.	姐跑长距离的
There was a chance I was gonna make state.	我本有机会可以参加州级比赛的
Yeah? What happened?	是吗 然后呢
Life.	讨生活
Come on.	来吧
I'm fast. - Oh, really?	我很快的 -真的吗
I could beat your ass. -You're on.	赢你没商量 -那就比比试试
Wait!	等等
Okay, ready?	好吧 准备好没
Give it to you.	来吧
Okay. - All right.	好了 -好的
On your mark ... -Yeah.	各就各位 -好
Get set... -Okay.	预备 -好
Go!	跑
What are you doing? Are you a valet now?	你在干嘛 要当仆人给我开车门吗
See you tonight?	晚上见
Maybe.	也许吧
Maybe?	也许吗
Hey, Fiona.	嗨 菲奥娜
Tony.	托尼
How's work?	工作如何
It's good.	挺不错的
How's your remodel coming?	重新装修得如何了
You really want to know or just being neighborly?	你是真想知道还是作为邻居客套下
Neighborly.	邻居客套
Cast iron plumbing's out, replacing it with copper .	铁铸管道都拆了 全部换成铜管
Guy on my shift moonlights as an electrician, so he's going to help me rewire.	和我值班的伙计夜间兼职电工 所以他会帮我换新电线
You gonna flip it or live in it?	你是打算转手还是住进去
Waiting to see what happens.	看情况发展了
I got to get the kids going.	我得回去看孩子们了
Whoa. What happened to you?	这熊猫眼是哪来的
One of my fighters pussied-out on me, I had to fill in.	我的一个娘炮拳手临阵跳票了 我得替他上场
Looks like the pussy had the right idea.	看来那娘炮跳票是正确的
Get some ice on that eye.	敷些冰在眼睛上
Good morning.	早上好
We're out of mac and cheese.	芝士通心粉吃光了
I can make PB&Js instead , but I'm gonna need more bread.	我可以用黄油果酱三明治替代 但得买些面包
How many signed up for today? - Nine.	今天有几个报名了 -9个
Romano twins, Cami, Mangis, that U1in kid   with the big head.	拉梅洛双胞胎 凯米 明格斯 那个大头乌林小崽
Whoa, ha1fa cup.	只能喝半杯
I'm exhausted.	我累死了
Liam had me up ha1f the night banging his head.	利亚姆半夜撞头把我闹醒了
I need my own room.	人家需要自己的房间
And I want a pony for christmas.	人家圣诞还想要小马咧
He's a boy, he shou1d be in with the boys.	他是个男孩 该和男孩住一起
No way, there's three of us in that room.	不行 已经是三个男生挤一间房了
I'm a gir1.	我是女孩
I'm going to be a woman soon.	很快就要变成女人了
I need privacy to undergo the upcoming traumatic transformation.	我需要隐私以承受 即将到来的创伤性转变
It's not that traumatic.	没你描述的那么创伤
How wou1d you know?	你怎么晓得
Video in fifth grade.	五年级看过录影带
What are we ta1king about?	我们在讨论什么
Moving Liam into our room.	把利亚姆搬到咱们房间
No fucking way.	绝对他妈的不行
First day care kid is here.	第一个日托小孩来了
My own room?	能给我独立房间吗
It's not gonna happen, Debs.	不可能 小黛
Go, go.	去 快去
'"Traumatic transformation"?	创伤性转变
Wow. Ethe1, the garden 1ooks great.	艾瑟儿 花园很不错
It's a11 in the compost.	都是肥料的功劳
My red worms have been working overtime this year.	我的活赤虫今年加班工作
None of god's bounty ever needs go to waste.	主之恩赐一点也不会浪费
Sti11 on for today?	今晚行动吗
Think it sti11 runs?	你觉得它还能行吗
Probab1y not, but you can fix anything.	八成不行 但你什么都能修好
Tomatoes.	西红柿
She's a keeper.	她真贤惠
*Climb every mountain*	*翻山越岭*
*Climb every stream*	*穿流越溪*
*Climb all the rainbows*	*跨过彩虹*
*Till you find your dream.*	*梦想实现*
Frank! Karen!	弗兰克 凯伦
Breakfast!	早餐好了
I moved it.	我动过了
Hey! Good morning.	嘿 早晨好
I, uh, I can't find my watch.	我 我找不到我的表
I have looked everywhere.	翻了个遍都没有
It's on your wrist .	就在你手腕上
I had mom move her rainy day fund after what happened last time.	经历上次事件后 我让妈妈把应急基金放到别处 了
Karen, the omelets are ready!	凯伦 煎蛋卷好了
I had nothing to do with that.	那事跟我完全没关系
Hello?!	人呢
I hid her ATM card, too, So don't even try taking that again.	我把她的银行卡也拿走了 所以别想把那个再拿走
Her nose has been running, but I think it's just the glue that Jeff's been using on the new kitchen linoleum.	她一直在流鼻涕 但我觉得只是因为 杰夫用在厨房油毡上的新胶水所致
Bye, baby.	拜拜 宝贝
Oh, and please, no gluten.	还有拜托 不能吃谷蛋白
Gluten?	谷蛋白
Who knows.	鬼才晓得是啥
Ooh. Hey, there you go. There's cinderella.	坐好了 漂亮的灰姑娘
Uh, you all set?	都准备好了吗
Yeah. Playtime, one hour.	是的 游戏时间 一小时
Tv or Bambi-- skip the dead mom part.	看电视或者《小鹿斑比》  跳过鹿妈死那段
Arts and crafts.	手工美术
Cheetos and carrot sticks.	奇多和胡萝卜棒
Free play, lunch, nap, pool, Dr. Oz, twinkies and milk, parent pickup.	自由游戏 午餐 午觉 游泳 欧思医生 面包牛奶 家长接小孩
Oh, and don't wake you unless there's blood or exposed bone.	除非有人流血或 筋骨毕露否则不叫你起床
Lots of blood.	血流成河再叫我
Who's ready for tv, guys?!	孩子们 谁想看电视啊
Okay, let's watch.	好的 我们来看电视
It's about time.	怎么才来
You see Kash last night?	你昨晚看到凯希了吗
No. - He didn't come home again.	没有 -他又没回家
Had to open the shop by myself.	得靠我一个人来开店
Homeless winos ten deep at the door trying to trade stolen recycling for 40s and mad dog.	流浪酒鬼靠在门边 想拿偷来的废品换吃换喝
Uh, pack of marlboros.	一包万宝路
How old are you, eight?	你才多大啊 8岁吗
Get the hell out of here.	给我滚出去
You handle the store by yourself?	你一个人能看店吗
I got to get upstairs.	我得走了
The twins are going to be late for swim team at the mosque.	双胞胎去游泳队要迟到了
And no free breakfast.	还有 没有免费早餐
You come to work hungry, you pay like everybody else.	你吃也要和其他人一样付钱
Linda gone?	琳达走了吗
Mm-hmm.	走了
Been waiting across the street for an hour.	我都在对面等了一个钟头了
Late night?	昨天玩到很晚啊
What do you care?	关你什么事
Where the hell have you been?	你去哪鬼混了
Kash!	凯希
I waited up until after midnight.	我昨天等你到凌晨
You know the doctor wants me in bed by...	你知道医生要求我
What are you looking at?	看我干嘛
Go microwave me a burrito and stock the cooler.	去给我热个玉米饼 再给冰柜补货
A pack of marlboros?	一包万宝路
What?!	瞧瞧
Hey, you try starting this thing since last summer?	你从去年夏天就开始鼓捣那玩意了
No.	不是
How's the crop coming? - It's almost harvesttime.	种得怎么样了 -马上就能收了
But I'm a bit worried though.	但是我有点担心
It seems like there's a lot more cops in the park this summer.	今年夏天公园里的警察好像比去年多多了
Yeah, I'm working on it.	是啊 我正在想办法
I'll go chase the rats out of the coolers.	我去把冰柜里的老鼠赶出来
Hey, guys.	嘿 伙计们
What are you doing?	你干嘛呢
Borrowing liam.	把利亚姆借给我一会
Where's that, that backpack thingy?	那个背包去哪了
Borrowing him for what?	你要带他做什么
Going to take him to the aquarium.	去水族馆
No, you're not, it costs too much.	那里太贵了 不可能
Okay, then, the zoo.	好吧 那就去动物园
When are you bringing him back?	你什么时候带他回来
I'll bring him back when I'm damn ready.	我想什么时候带回来就什么时候带回来
I'm his father, we need time together.	我是他爸 我们需要享受父子时光
Should we wake Fiona?	要叫醒菲奥娜吗
See any exposed bone?	你看见有人骨折了吗
Stan's yelling again, So loud you can hear him through the floor.	斯坦又在嚷嚷了 吵得楼下都能听见
Oh, yesterday it was Nixon and Jimmy carter.	昨天是在骂尼克松和吉米·卡特
What's it today?	今天又是怎么了
I turned the tv up after "Fucking colored people."	他骂完有色人种那句 我就把电视声音调的很大
He keeps going downhill like this, You're going to have to call Becky.	他最近状态越来越差 你该打给贝基了
He has his good and bad days.	他时好时坏
Bad days?	坏
That's what you call trying to take out the trash naked ?	你管裸体倒垃圾叫坏吗
He forgot his pants-- it happens, all right?	他不过是忘了穿裤子而已
I know you love the old racist bastard, But if it were my dad, I'd want to know he was going south.	我知道你爱那个种族歧视的老混蛋 但如果他是 我爸 他情况不好我会想办法
It's probably time for her to think about putting him in a home.	是时候让她考虑 送他去养老院了
I can't hear you.	我听不见
No.	不
N-no, I don't want to watch my language.	不 我不想注意我的言辞
I've been speaking this language for the last 50 goddamn years.	我这么说话都他妈五十年了
No, you listen to me, You fucking daughter of a chink whore.	不 你听我说 你个婊子养的
Hello? Goddamn cunt, Cunt, cunt.	喂 妈的死荡妇 荡妇 荡妇
She hung up on me.	她挂我电话
The bitch didn't speak one word of English.	那贱人连一句英文都不会
She's probably in the basement of some whorehouse in Calcutta.	估计她住在加尔各答某个妓院的地下室里
A-and would you believe this shit?	你能相信吗
What shit? -My electric bill.	什么 -我的电费单
$8,700 bucks for electricity .	8700块的电费
You know, I've been running this bar for 40 years And I never got a bill that was even close to a grand.	这酒吧我开了40年了 电费从来没超过一千块
All I want is for them to send me one of their Taco-eating, wetback meter readers to come here And check out the fucking thing!	我只想让他们再派个 墨西哥廉价劳工过来 他 妈的好好再查一下
Nah, that's it, get me my shotgun.	够了 去把我的猎枪拿来
I'm going to go down there and blow the cunt's head off.	我要去把那个荡妇的脑袋轰下来
They must have made some mistake.	他们肯定弄错了
The only mistake they made was fucking with me.	他们就错就错在惹急了老子
All right, Stan, would you please sit down?	好了 斯坦 坐下来吧
Stan, sit down before you blow another ventricle.	斯坦 别又搞出心脏病了
Yeah, blow, blow.	好 好
I'm gonna take care of this, all right?	让我来处理 好吗
Arizona's got the right idea, boy-- Take 'em down to the border and throw 'em over the goddamn fence!	亚利桑那人是对的 把他们带到边境 然后扔过去
That's it.	就这样
Ian, cover the register .	伊恩 看好柜台
We have a problem.	我们有麻烦了
We may need to sell some pot.	得卖点大麻
Isn't that what we always do?	不是一直在卖吗
A lot of pot.	这次比较多一点
So Ethel's been helping us out.	艾瑟儿一直在帮忙
You know how she told you about that kick- ass worm shit	你还记得她种西红柿的时候 和你说的关于虫子的
she's been using on her tomatoes? -Yeah.	那些东西吗 -记得
Well, it worked so good, we decided to use it on this year's crop.	简直太有用了 我们决定用在今年种的大麻上
You know how I usually grow a couple plants to get us through the summer?	你还记得我以前都只种一点 好让我们撑过夏天 吗
Holy shit.	我靠
Exactly.	是啊
Wait, so what's the problem?	等等 那问题是什么
Forgot about the electric bill.	我忘了电费的事
We need nine grand or they're gonna shut the power off to the building.	要九千块 不然他们就要断掉这栋楼的电
Isn't it wonderful?	是不是很棒
Mr. Kevin is going to help all the old people   who are going blind.	凯文先生要用赚来的钱 帮助那些快要失明的老人
God bless you.	上帝保佑你
Jesus loves you.	耶稣爱你
Fuck you, Frank.	去死吧 弗兰克
Jesus-- oh, shit.	耶稣 妈的
Where's my money?	我的钱呢
Okay, okay, okay, stop!	好 好 住手
Back to work.	回去工作
Your fly is down.	你拉链没拉
So how much do you think you've got growing down here?	你觉得这里有多少
I don't know, a couple hundred pounds or so.	不知道 至少一百多磅吧
I'm gonna start drying what I can, but that won't fetch more than a couple grand or so by Friday.	我已经开始加工了 但周五前也只能赚一千多块
Well, you know what? Maybe we could, uh, unload some of the plants?	不然我们可以 直接卖掉一些
Yeah, how much would we have to sell?	要卖掉多少
Five maybe, Six?	五棵 六棵吧
Lip, who the hell around here has two grand for a plant ?	利普 这里谁出的起两千来买
I might know a guy.	我没准能找到一个
V's going to kill me.	小维会杀了我的
She's going to fucking kill me.	她绝对会杀了我的
I promised her that I wouldn't sell More than three or four this year.	我向她保证 今年不卖超过四棵
Normally I throw a bunch of seeds around, see which looks best, thin out the rest, But this year I couldn't.	平常我都是随便撒一堆种子 挑几个看起来好的 剪掉其他的 但今年不行
They're all so beautiful, I just...	都长得太好了 我
I just couldn't do it.	我下不了手
Where's my fucking money?	我的钱呢
That was great last night.	昨晚很不错
Where's my fucking money?	我的钱呢
You were serious about that?	你当真啦
Get me the goddamn tin snips.	把我的钳子拿来
I-if, if I had won, I wouldn't expect you to pay me.	如果我赢了 我才不会要你的钱呢
Take off his shoes.	把他的鞋脱掉
But... It's a turn of phrase, like, uh, uh, "I bet it's going to rain today."	我不过是随便说说罢了 就好像我打赌今天一定 要下雨一样
Yeah, let me tell you something, If I don't get my fucking money, I'm cutting toes off and cauterizing 'em with a blowtorch.	我告诉你 如果我拿不到钱 我就剪掉你的脚趾 再用喷灯烧
You got my panhandling cash .	我行乞的钱你都拿走了
60 bucks, man?!	老兄 那就60块钱
I was only out there for 45 minutes!	我刚干了45分钟
We'll keep the kid. Yeah, as collateral.	我们留着孩子当抵押
Come back with my fucking money, You get the kid.	你去把我的钱拿来 我再把孩子给你
I-I-I'll bring you your money, But you can't keep the kid.	我会给你钱的 但你不能把孩子留下
You can't keep Liam.	你不能把利亚姆留下
I'll get you your money-- we can work this out.	我能给你钱 能想出办法的
Oh, we just did. - No, no, no, no, no, absolutely you can't...	办法已经有了 -不不不 你不能
Light it up, get him up.	点火 把他弄起来
Okay, okay, okay, okay, okay.	好 好 好 好
Keep Liam.	你留着利亚姆
Get up out of here.	滚吧
I'll be back, buddy, I promise you.	我会回来的 我保证
Well... Excuse me. I gotta go.	不好意思 失陪了
Hey. Gaga, Adele, Rikki, J.Lo, Nicki Minaj.	嘎嘎 阿黛尔 中野律纪 詹妮弗·洛佩兹 妮琪·米 娜
Even threw in some old Maxwell.	再来点麦克斯韦的
My guaranteed clitoris-moistening aphrodisiac music mix.	保证让她欲求不满 欲罢不能
I hope so.	希望是
All she ever wants to do is discuss the lake  poets.	她唯一想做就是和我讨论湖畔诗人
And who the fuck is Bruno Mars?	还有 谁是布鲁诺·马尔斯
May be time to give up on the 22-year-old grad students, Start banging in your own decade .	没准是时候放弃22岁年轻学生 开始泡和你同龄 的人了
22-year-old grad students is the reason I got into teaching.	我就是为了这些年轻学生才当老师的
I'm too old to start over now.	现在回头已经晚了
Hey, you got my sim board ?	你搞到我要的SIM板了吗
Oh, yeah, yeah, yeah.	这呢
Thank you.	谢谢
Hey, any interest in purchasing a six- foot- tall pot plant?	对六尺高的大麻树感兴趣吗
Chicks love an old dude with great weed .	女孩子喜欢有好大麻的老男人
Yeah, how much?	多少钱
Uh, a couple grand. - Pricey.	几千块吧 -这么贵
It's primo stuff .	质量好啊
What the hell is that anyway?	这玩意到底是什么
It's a cop locator.	警察定位仪
Rigging up a gps system That uses police frequencies for coordinates.	装在GPS定位仪上 通过使用警察的频率转换成 坐标
Shows me where all the cops are in a given area at any given time.	来告诉我警察的位置 任何时间 任何地点
Is that even legal?	这合法吗
What, trying to make sure our community is receiving its fair share of law enforcement resources?	怎么 确保我们的社区跟警察 享有同样的讯息 犯法吗
Why not? - Listen, I-I got a lunch date, I got to go.	何尝不可 -我有个饭局 先走了
Oh, with who, David Petraeus?	跟谁 佩卓斯上将吗
No, I landed a department of defense grant .	不 我得到了国防部的许可
Micro-robotics surveillance drone prototypes.	关于微型无人侦察机器人原型设计的
Yeah? - Yeah, well, who knows if it'll work, but it'll put some government-issued pork in my pocket.	真的 -是的 谁知道能成不 不过好歹能拿到点政 府的拨款
Listen, why don't you help us with it?	怎么 不打算参一脚吗
I could probably wrangle you some ap engineering or physics credits.	那样我就可以帮你争取 一些汇编工程或是物理 学的学分了
Ah, no, thanks.	谢了 不劳费心
You're gonna have to figure out how to blowup	怎么炸死阿富汗牧羊人这种事
Afghan shepherds all on your own. - All right.	你还是自己想吧 -好吧
What are you doing?	你在干嘛啊
Making a little easy summer moola the Gallagher way.	用加拉格家族的方式赚点夏日零花钱
Where's Liam? - In the car.	利亚姆在哪 -在车里
You don't have a car.	你压根儿就没车
A friend's car.	朋友的车
You crack a window?	你开窗户了吗
Left the engine running for the ac.	车还启动着 好让空调开着
You left a toddler in a running car in this neighborhood?	你竟把一个幼童丢在一辆车里 还是咱们这么烂 的社区
That baby laxative?	那是小儿泻药吗
This, my young progeny, is Dr. Frank's magic moneymaking fun dust.	我的小儿啊 这是 弗兰克医生的魔法享乐赚钱 粉末
Oregano?	牛至叶吗
Fool's gold.	是愚人之金
My I've-never-seen-it-fail summer solstice ATM.	也是我夏至时 东方不败之取款机
Hey, maybe we can talk the electric company into taking a down payment , You know, payment plan kind of deal.	或许我们可以跟电力公司谈谈 先付头期款 分 期付款之类的
Hey, what's going on? - Uh, can I get a watermelon bob-pop, bubble gum snow cone, and a chocolate crunch?	需要些什么 -我要一瓶西瓜汽水 泡泡堂果味冰 霜卷 还有条松脆巧克力
You still selling loosies? - Uh, yeah, marlboro lights-- buck apiece.	有散烟吗 -万宝路的 一支一块
What can I get you, champ? - Lemon-lime shot, Chocolate chip cookie bar, and a Molson's.	要什么 犄角娃 -柠檬莱姆酒 巧克力饼干棒 还 有瓶莫尔森啤酒
Molson's?	莫尔森啤酒
We sell American beer here to children of age.	我们的美国啤酒只卖给达到法定年龄的孩子
Come back for a Bud light when you're 16.	到16岁再回来买百威淡啤吧
Two frozen Snickers, A bag of Beer Nuts, and a couple of joints.	两条冻士力架 一包比尔坚果 一对大麻卷烟
You 14? Got id?	到14了吗 身份证呢
What's your birthday? - June 3, 1997.	出生日期 -1997年6月3日
Okay. There you go.	算了 拿去
Hey. You taking Little League book like you did last year?	少年棒球联赛还能像去年那样下注吗
Absolutely, what do you want? - Marlins.	当然 选哪支队 -马林鱼队
U10 for $15.	U10十五块
You're not worried about that Ratkovich?	你不担心拉托科维奇吗
Kid threw 72 pitches yesterday.	昨天那熊孩子掷了72个球
Nah. He's Dominican.	不担心 他是多米尼加人
Hey, Lip, anything on this radar ?	利普 雷达上有情况吗
Nope. Closest unit is a foot patrol over by the play structure .	没 最近的条子分队 是在儿童游乐场的步行巡警
Sorry I'm late. I slept through my alarm .	抱歉我迟到了 不小心睡过头了
Yeah, I came by last night, waited around for a while.	我路过你家 在门口呆了会
Well, I didn't get in till 4:00 a.M.	我凌晨四点才回家
He's nice.	他很不错
I don't know. We got to talking about music yesterday, and he showed me a bunch of bands I've never heard of.	我也不清楚 昨天我们聊了聊音乐 他给我听了 一些从没听过的乐队的歌
My favorite was called Guns N' Roses.	其中 我最爱的叫做枪炮玫瑰
Guns N' Roses?	枪炮玫瑰
How old is jody?	乔迪今年贵庚啊
Uh, 37, I think.	大概37吧
You know, he laid out a blanket in the park, and we listened to his iPod, and fell asleep in each others' arms.	他在公园铺了张毯子 我们一起听着他的iPod 然后相枕入眠
Wow. Sex any good?	干得爽不
No sex. It's a part of this whole sex addicts anonymous thing.	没做 这纯粹是 匿名性瘾戒除会的活动
Right, but you're a teenager .	好吧 但你是个青少年
I mean , all teenagers are sex addicts.	所有的青少年们都嗜性成瘾啊
Yeah, but I've been having sex since I was 11.	可是我11岁起就开始做爱了
I don't know. Jody and I don't want the physical to complicate things for us.	我也不知道 乔迪和我不不想让性 把事情变得 复杂
Yeah, but we can still get, uh, complicated , right?	可是我俩 还可以复杂 对吧
Sure, I guess.	没问题啊
Oh, shit.	噢 糟糕
Uh, foot patrol, nine o'clock. 200 yards and closing.	有巡警 九点钟方向 两百码接近中
Never heard of Guns N' Roses?	从没听过枪炮玫瑰吗
'"Welcome to the Jungle "?	《欢迎来到丛林》
Hey, kid?	小鬼
Not a fucking chance, Frank.	你妹的别找我 弗兰克
Still owe you a beating from last year.	去年你还欠顿揍吧
Hey, you get... Oh.	你们要... 噢
Ladies, hey?	姑娘们
Hey, anybody interested in a little primo bud?	有人想来点嗨药吗
Maybe a little snow for this hot summer scorcher?	大热天的 不想来点白粉凉快一下吗
Shit.	妈的
Hey, guys, what you looking for?	哥们 要点什么吗
Grass?	大麻
Hey, get offour corner!	嘿 滚出我们的地盘
Fiona?	菲奥娜
Fiona?!	菲奥娜
Parent pickup time.	家长接送时间到了
Thanks, Debs.	谢了 小黛
You have any trouble today?	今天有出什么事吗
Little Charlie had a major diaper malfunction.	小查理尿到外面了
Ellie ate a bunch of carpet .	艾莉吃了些地毯
Normal, normal.	都是正常现象
Oh, and, uh, Frank took Liam.	还有 弗兰克带走了利亚姆
What?	什么
Said he was taking him to the zoo.	他说带利亚姆去了动物园
Hugo. How's it going? - Go away, Frank.	雨果 近来可好 -滚 弗兰克
Is Mr. Todd here today?	托德先生今天在吗
I said, out! - I'm in trouble.	我说 出去 -我有麻烦了
You're always in trouble. - Come on, hugo.	你总惹麻烦 -别这样 雨果
You know me. I wouldn't be here unless I was desperate .	不到走投无路我不会来这的 你懂的
It's my kid.	我孩子出事了
I need money.	我急需钱
Which kid?	哪个孩子
Liam.	利亚姆
The mulatto?	那个混血吗
Yes.	是的
No bullshit this time?	这次别扯淡行吗
No bullshit.	绝不
Hey, Frank?	弗兰克
Hold on. You got more takers.	等等 你还得接一些客
Liam and Frank aren't at Sheila's.	利亚姆和弗兰克没在希拉那儿
Knock, knock. Hey, Debs.	咚咚 小黛
Hi, Jasmine.	茉莉姐
Want me to start calling around?	要我打电话问问吗
No, I'll swing by the Alibi before work, see what he's up to.	不 上班前我去艾莱柏酒吧看看 看看他想干嘛
What who's up to? - Frank took Liam.	谁想干嘛 -弗兰克带走了利亚姆
Probably has him out panhandling again.	或许他又带着利亚姆沿街行乞去了
David has a friend coming into town from New York.	大卫有个纽约朋友来芝加哥了
I thought maybe I could hook you two up.	我想可以撮合你俩
Who's David?	大卫是谁
Uh, bye, Debbie.	再见 黛比
A friend?	朋友吗
Yeah.	是的
I met him.	我遇上了他
Forties, handsome.	40多岁 帅气
He's your type, too.	也是你的菜
Oh, yeah. What's my type?	是吗 我喜欢什么样的
Cute and easily manipulated.	可爱 容易驾驭
You take money from David?	你从大卫那拿什么好处了吗
You mean, am I turning tricks? No.	你的意思是 我是妓女吗 不
He takes me out, he buys me nice things sometimes.	他带着我出去 买些好东西送我
That's what rich people like to do.	有钱人就喜欢这样
They like to spend their money.	花钱如流水
Rich guys like a pretty girl on their arm, so, why not let them spoil us?	有钱人喜欢美女依偎在他们的臂弯 所以 就给 他们宠溺我们的机会吧
Cool if I split ?	我走了没关系吧
Kash, I'm off. Can I go?	凯希 我下班了 能走了吗
You okay?	你还好吧
I can't do this anymore.	我不能再这样了
Live this lie.	活在谎言之中
Linda, our marriage .	琳达 我们的婚姻
This life of a lie.	满是谎言的人生
What am I going to do?	我该怎么做啊
Frank wasn't at the Alibi?	弗兰克没在酒吧吗
No, and Sheila hasn't seen him.	没在 而且希拉也没见过他
He won't keep Liam long.	他带着利亚姆 过不久的
A toddler will interfere with getting hammered and passing out in the park before 11:00.	孩子会影响他在11点前烂醉 在公园醉倒的
How was last night with Jasmine and Grandpa?	昨晚跟茉莉和那老男人一起如何
I guess they've been together for years.	我觉得他们在一起很多年了
He's married , she's married.	一个有妇之夫 一个有夫之妇
Seems like it works out for everybody.	这样对谁都好
Yeah? You think it works out for his wife and her husband?	是吗 对他们各自的配偶也好吗
Hey, like clockwork.	真准时
How serious are you about this one?	跟这家伙是认真的吗
Not very. - Good. 'cause he's a rebound.	一般 -很好 因为他是你的备胎
He even looks like Steve. - No, he doesn't...	长得都像史蒂夫 -不 他不像
I got my running shoes in the car, and I want a rematch.	我都把运动鞋放在车上了 我想重新比赛一次
Rematch?	重赛
Yeah, we raced on the beach last night.	是的 我们昨天在沙滩上赛跑
She smoked my ass.	她把我跑成傻逼了
Hey, wasn't that bad.	没那么惨吧
She annihilated me.	她赢了我
It wasn't a fair fight, though.	不过比赛并不公平
Distance runner. 1600. Broke some kind of state record.	长跑运动员 1500米 破州纪录
No shit. What record did you break?	不是吧 你打破什么纪录了
I didn't break it.	我没破纪录
I mean, coach thought I might be able to.	我是说教练认为我或许能打破
What was the record the time that you were gonna break?	那时你可能打破的记录成绩是多少
It wasn't a big deal.	不算什么
Come on, what was the time?	说嘛 成绩多少
Coach thought I might be able to break five minutes, 25.	教练认为我能打破5分25秒的纪录
Who knows? Long time ago.	谁知道呢 很久以前的事了
I bet that you could break it now. You know what?	我打赌你现在能打破 你知道吗
We'll find a track, and we'll get a stopwatch.	我们找条道 拿只秒表
Sure. - Yeah?	行啊 -好吗
I've got a table.	我得去送酒了
Got the truck running?	货车修好了吗
Yup. We are back in the ice cream business.	修好了 我们的冰激凌行当再次开张
How was work? - Weird.	工作怎么样 -怪怪的
Don't ask.	别问
Hey, don't jerk off in there!	别在浴室打飞机
What the hell is this?	这他妈是什么
Fuck, Lip. It's an admissions packet .	你他妈干什么 利普 那是申请材料
Oh, West Point?	西点军校
Going through my stuff now?	怎么 开始翻我东西了吗
Ian, you just graduated the tenth grade.	伊恩 你刚刚读完十年级
Wanted to see what it would to take to get in.	我想看看想要进那所学校需要什么条件
What, to west point? You're kidding me.	什么 去西点军校吗 你开玩笑吗
You're actually serious about this shit?	你真他妈是认真的吗
Well, I was in ROTC for two years,	我在预备军官训练队待了两年
so, what did you think, Lip? - I don't know. I thought it was some kind of stupid, fucked-up adolescent phase .	你觉得呢 利普 -我不知道 我想 我他妈以为你那是傻缺青春期抽风
I mean, you really want to get your ass shot off in some 'stan somewhere?	我是说你真想在 叫 什么什么斯坦 的地方挨枪 子吗
'"'Stan"?	斯坦
Yeah, Pakistan, Afghanistan, Iraqistan.	是啊 巴基斯坦 阿富汗斯坦 伊朗斯坦
I guess I'm a patriot.	我想我是个爱国主义者
Fuck.	操
Don't worry. It was really discouraging.	别担心 看了那个我老郁闷了
I'd need, like, a 4.2 gpa, a massive SAT	我需要4点2的平均分 高考要拿超高分 还他妈
score , and a recommendation from the president or some shit.	要什么主席推荐信啥的
Only thing I know I can pass for sure is the fitness test.	我唯一能确定通过的就是身体测试
Oh, so, what, the army requires straight a's now to get your leg blown off in Kabul?	怎么 现在军队害你在喀布尔腿部中弹 还必须 要求你是全优生吗
You really want this shit?	你真想进那所学校吗
Yes.	是的
All right, then, fuck it. Let's make this shit happen.	那操他的 我帮你达成所愿
Yeah?	真的吗
Hell, yeah. President's a local boy, I can tutor you.	当然 学生会主席是个住在附近的小子 我还能 辅导你学习
You're a shoo-in.	你肯定能进
I still think it's fucking stupid.	不过我真心认为这很傻逼
Uh, get off... Get out of here. You better run.	一边去 赶紧出去 快跑吧你
What the fuck?	妈的这怎么回事
I know. Baby, I know. I got carried away.	我知道 宝贝 我过火了
But now what? What do you want to do?	但是现在怎么办 你想怎么做
You can't sell it. We got to get rid of it.	你不能卖 你得处理掉
This isn't got pulled over with a half joint in an ashtray pot.	这可不是烟灰盒里装了点大麻烟 被警察拦下那 种小事
This is Mexican cartel, 60 years in the federal slammer pot.	这是墨西哥贩毒集团级别 要蹲60年大牢的
Wait, wait. What are you talking about? Destroy it?	等等 你说什么 毁掉吗
Kevin, there's a couple of tons of weed down here, and I'm black.	凯文 这有好几吨大麻 老娘还是黑人
Well, what about othe electric bill?	电费怎么办
We'll figure something out, dip into our savings, but this?	我们想别的办法 实在不行用咱们存款 但这
This shit's got to be mulch by tomorrow.	这些明天必须毁掉
To-fucking-morrow.	他妈的明天
Frank?	弗兰克
Frank, where have you been? I've been worried sick.	你去哪儿了 我担心死了
You didn't come home for dinner.	你没回来吃饭
I have done everything I can think of and I still didn't make enough money today.	我做了我能做的一切 可今天还是没有搞到足够 的钱
Well, I, I have $80 in my purse .	我包里有80美元
No, that's, that's not-- well, sure.	不 那 那不...也行
I think I might have really screwed up this time.	我想我这次真的是搞砸了
It's been crazy exciting to see these cubs following their mom like this.	看到这些幼崽这样跟着他们的妈妈 真是令人兴奋
Debbie?	黛比
No Liam.	利亚姆没回来
Frank didn't bring him back?	弗兰克没送他回来吗
Where the hell is he?	他妈的 他在哪儿
Frank!	弗兰克
Frank! - Frank!	弗兰克 -弗兰克
Where's Liam?	利亚姆呢
Where is liam?	利亚姆 在哪儿
He's at his first sleepover.	他第一次去别人家过夜了
He's two!	他才两岁
They sleep a lot at that age.	两岁孩子很能睡的
Which way?	往哪走
This one?	这间吗
Who the fuck are you?	你他妈是谁
We wantLliam back.	把利亚姆还给我们
Liam stays. He's collateral.	他得待在这 他是担保
Then you better start shooting.	那你就开枪吧
Hey, good to see you. - Shut the fuck up.	见到你真高兴 -给我闭嘴
How much is that?	那有多少钱
I don't know, but we're good for it.	我不知道 但是我们说到做到
Gallaghers pay their debts.	加拉格家的人欠了债肯定还
Now, where the hell is our brother?	我们的弟弟呢
Okay, home sweet home.	回家咯
Good night, buddy,	晚安 小伙计
Love you. - Love you, bud.	爱你 -爱你 哥们
I'm sorry, Fiona.	对不起 菲奥娜
It's not your fault.	不是你的错
Get some sleep, okay?	赶紧睡觉吧
I didn't mean for that to...	我不是故意...
It was a joke, you know?	是个玩笑
I was in the bar, I made this stupid...	我在酒吧 开了个傻逼玩...
I tried to make enough that I...	我为了凑够钱都...
Ian. - Oh, yeah.	伊恩 -好
Yo, Freddie, what you got today, aluminum or plastic?	弗莱迪 今天拿来了什么 铝罐还是塑料
Ian, tell Kash to get his ass up here. I need him.	伊恩 叫凯希上来 我需要他
Now, Ian.	让他现在就上来 伊恩
Hey, Kash, Linda's looking for you.	凯希 琳达找你
Kash.	凯希
Can you do me a favor, Ian?	能帮我个忙吗 伊恩
Can you give me a bit of a head start?	你能帮我拖延点时间吗
You're leaving?	你要走吗
Linda's got preeclampsia.	琳达得了妊娠毒血症
The OB wants her in bed for the rest of her pregnancy.	妇科大夫让她剩下的孕期都在床上休息
I can't do it.	我做不到
An hour, two, please.	一或两个小时 求你了
What do I tell your kids?	我跟你的孩子怎么说
Been to bed yet?	睡觉了吗
You're not going to believe the night I had.	你不会相信我昨晚有多糟
Kids up yet?	孩子们起来了吗
Think I may need some field hands.	我需要帮手
We handed over all the cash that we'd made so far this summer and we still owe him, like, six grand.	我们把夏天赚的所有钱都拿了出去 可还欠他六 千美元
That's the money that we count on to get us through the winter.	那是我们过冬要指望的钱
Well, what was it, some kind of bet?	怎么回事 打赌吗
Oh, ten grand, you believe that?	一万块 你能相信吗
Now we'll be lucky if we can bank enough to get us to Christmas.	现在能赚够过到圣诞节的钱就算我们走运了
Yeah, hey, V, can we at least save some for the ice cream truck, you know, keep it stocked all summer?	对啊 小维 我们能至少留点 放在冰激凌车里 存 着卖吗
How much is that? - One bag should do it.	要多少 -一袋就够了
All right, but less than an ounce on the truck at one time.	好吧 车上每次不能超过一盎司
Yeah, yeah, yeah. All right.	知道知道
Sure, take a bag.	可以 拿走一袋吧
It's the least we can do to thank you for your hard work.	你们这么辛苦就算是奖励你们吧
No, no, Not you, Johnny Appleseed.	不行 你不行 约翰尼·苹果种
Carl, stop pushing.	卡尔 别推了
And don't bite.	别咬人
Babe, you got it? All right.	装好了 宝贝 好了
All right, that it?	好了 就这些吗
So they don't fall.	放好别掉下来
Thank you, thank you, thank you.	谢谢 谢谢
Bye, Veronica.	拜拜 维罗妮卡
Bye, baby, I'll see you later, okay?	拜拜 宝贝 过会儿见
All right, so now what?	现在怎么办
Seems like such a waste. - You got any better ideas?	真是浪费 -你有更好的主意吗
You looking for Karen?	你找凯伦吗
Yeah, I am.	是啊
She went to the store.	她去商店了
You Lip? - Mm-hmm.	你是利普 -是啊
Jody.	乔迪
Nice shirt.	背心不错
Should about do it.	这些应该够了
Shit.	我去
Well, good afternoon, sleepyhead.	下午好 睡睡
Where's breakfast?	早餐呢
Oh, it's way too late for breakfast.	现在吃早餐太晚了
You even missed lunch.	你连午餐都错过了
I'm not a short-order cook, sweetie.	我可不是快餐厨子 亲爱的
So... I'm off for my walk. 108 steps today is the goal.	我要到外面走去啦 108步是今天的目标
I might even make it to the mailbox.	我有可能走到邮箱那里
There's lucky charms in the pantry and milk in the fridge.	储藏室有幸运饼干 冰箱里有牛奶
Okay, bye.	好了 拜拜
Great looking tomatoes.	番茄看起来真不错
Heirlooms? - Yes, they are, cherokee purples.	杂交品种吗 -是啊 切罗基紫番茄
Hope I can talk you out of a couple when they're ripe .	等番茄熟了希望你能给我两个
Of course . It's all in the compost.	当然 都是肥料好
I can give you some worms to get you started.	我可以先给你点虫子 你也可以种
Really? That'd be great.	真的吗 那太好了
I was thinking I should start a garden. - You should.	我正想要搞个花园呢 -你应该搞
I'll go change, grab a shovel.	我去换衣服 拿个铲子
Hey, Tony.	嘿 托尼
Be happy with anything under six.	六分以内我都会很高兴
On your mark, get set.	各就各位 预备
Go!	跑
Why don't you live your own home with your real family?	你为什么不住自己家 跟自己的家人在一起
I don't like them. And they don't like me.	我不喜欢他们 他们也不喜欢我
I need my own room. Frank's been gone for a month.	我需要单独的房间 弗兰克都走了一个月了
You live in Frank's room. Lip takes yours.	你住弗兰克的房间 利普住你的
Ian and Carl share with Liam.	伊恩卡尔和利亚姆住一间
I'll be back. Bed before midnight. No exceptions.	我晚点回来 午夜前睡觉 没有例外
I'm late for work.	上班要迟到了
You gonna slow down on the work and enjoy the summer.	别总是工作 享受夏天嘛
I'll keep that in mind, but I'll feed my family dog food January.	是啊 到时一月我就得喂家里人狗粮了
Live a little.	耍起来嘛