Pay some fucking attention this time.	妈逼这次用心点看吧
Your life's not simple, Fiona, and you're nothing like anyone I've ever met.	你的生活复杂沉重 菲奥娜 你是我前所未见的 最与众不同的
You make me want to enjoy my life again.	你燃起了我重新享受生活的欲望
Who the hell is that?	这老东西什么人
How much are we short? - $18.30.	还缺多少钱 -18块30分
I'm take the PSATs for some Polish kid.	我要给一个波兰小鬼当高考预考的枪手
Are you able to kick in, like, ten more?	你还能再赚个 十块钱吗
We don't need your charity .	我们不需要你的施舍
I've waited a long time for last night to happen .	昨天晚上的事 我期待了很长时间
At least Tony's not coming here getting all in my family's business What the fuck is wrong, Frank ?!	至少托尼不会过来 掺和我们的家事 你他妈有 病吗 弗兰克
Maybe that's what I want.	也许这就是我想要的
You know nothing about me.	你一点也不了解我
I'm gay. - I know.	我是同性恋 -我知道
What? - I get what I want, and you can have what you want.	什么 -我得偿所愿 你也可以得偿所愿
Put the candy back, now.	把糖放回去 赶紧的
You're a dirty girl, like me.	你也是个下流女 和我一样
We're only taking in a foster kid for a week to get the money to pay for my stupid parking tickets.	小凯 寄养儿童只能待一个星期 拿到钱我好去付那该死的停车罚款单
Want to go over to the park, Throw the old pigskin around?	你想去公园转转吗 扔扔橄榄球啥的
This is the robotics lab. It is the best in the country.	这是机器人实验室 是全国最好的
Your house is Frank's wet dream.	你们家就是弗兰克的春梦
Never gonna get him out.	他永远也不愿意从中醒来
What are we? - Friends.	我们算什么关系 -朋友
Just friends? - Friends who like to do this.	朋友而已 -朋友兼炮友
What do you think now, daddy? Am I still a whore?	现在如何 爸爸 我还是婊子吗
I think I was kind of falling in love with her.	我觉得我有点爱上她了
I have to leave town. Come with me.	我必须离开这里 跟我走吧
I think I might be in love with him.	我大概是爱上他了
I love you. I want to be with you.	我爱你 我想和你在一起
In a few days, she's gonna make it to the store, then the hair salon, Alibi room.	几天之内 她就能走到商店 美发厅 艾莱柏酒吧
Hear all those heart-warming, scumbag freeloading Frank stories.	会听到弗兰克温暖人心 卑鄙下流 白吃白占的 光荣事迹
Who the hell is that?	这他妈谁啊
Time to make other plans.	该想别的办法了
Hey, cut it off, Ernie.	停下来吧 厄尼
Hey, do you mind if we drop Cami off early tomorrow?	我们明天早点把凯米送过来可以吗
Goddamn city couldn't wait to stop paying him.	二逼市政府等不及停发他的工资呢
How does Mr. Osama-Obama expect us to survive on that?	奥萨马·奥巴马先生指望我们靠这个活下去吗
He gonna try and tase me. I hit him.	他要电击我 我就打了他
If Sheila does go to work, what's she going to make?	要是希拉真的工作 她又能赚多少
I got tasered for like a second, I crapped myself.	我被电击过才一秒 就尿了裤子了
A grand says I did.	赌一千块钱
I'll see your grand and add nine more.	赌一千块钱 再加九千
10,000 in American legal tender says you can not get tasered twice and not soil your tighty whities, much less keep standing.	一万元的美利坚法定货币 赌你不可能被电击两 次 还尿不湿你的小裤裤 更不用说还能站着了
Oh, you think these boy scouts can handle that kind of heat, girls?	你觉得那些童子军们 能承受这种热辣吗 妞儿
Fi, this is my friend, David.	小菲 这是我朋友大卫
I'll get us a table.	我去找个位置
We're going out later. You want to come?	我们稍后出去 你一起来吗
Come later, live a little.	待会儿聊 耍起来哦
She probably did his taxes, then did him.	她大概先搞定了他的税金 然后就搞了他
Kick him back, you're punching like a fag.	快回击 你打得像个娘们儿
First round. Go to your corners.	第一局 回你那边
Marty - You know you're supposed to hit him back, right?	马蒂 -你知不知道你应该狠狠回击
What did you think this was going to be?	你以为打拳什么样啊
I didn't think he could punch me with a foot.	我没想到他能踢得那么高
You see that? He kicked me in the top of my goddam head.	看见没 妈逼他用脚踢到我的头了
Listen, look at me. You want to throw in the towel ?	听我说 你想认输吗
I would if I was smart.	我要是聪明的话就认输
All the woman needs is a pole .	那女人有跟管就能活
Why don't you come out with us later.	你一会和我们一起出去吧
I thought your ass was my drink.	我以为我点的酒是你的美臀
Yeah, well, I was in grad school during the mortgage crisis .	次贷危机时我还在读研究生
Nowadays, we're trying to short euros so Greece will go bankrupt .	目前 我们通过卖空欧元 以使希腊破产
Are we on for later?	待会能约你出去吗
I haven't decided if I still like you.	我没考虑好是否还继续喜欢你
How the hell did that little guy kick Kurt- fucking-Landis' ass?	那小鬼头是如何把操蛋科特·兰蒂斯打败的
We make anything on my fight? Thanks, Rasmik!	我那场比赛赚钱了吗 谢了 拉斯米克
What'd you put down? - On the fight you lost?	你压了多少钱 -你输的那一场吗
Hey, I want to stage another fight night next week.	我想下周再参加一次搏击夜
Go around to the dojos, round up some more scrappers, all right?	去转转武术馆 多拉拢些拳击手来 好吧
Well, can I come in and wait?	我能进屋里等她吗
Looks like old man Dave is beating your time, Romeo.	看来大卫那老家伙比你持久 罗密欧
He was popping little blue pills-- I counted four.	他吞了小蓝药片 我数了 4颗
Ah, fuck! I told my boss I'd meet him for a run in about an hour.	操 我告诉老板1个小时后 和他去跑步
I could run with you.	我可以和你一起跑
What? Don't look so surprised.	干嘛 别那么惊讶的表情
There was a chance I was gonna make state.	我本有机会可以参加州级比赛的
What are you doing? Are you a valet now?	你在干嘛 要当仆人给我开车门吗
You really want to know or just being neighborly?	你是真想知道还是作为邻居客套下
Guy on my shift moonlights as an electrician, so he's going to help me rewire.	和我值班的伙计夜间兼职电工 所以他会帮我换新电线
You gonna flip it or live in it?	你是打算转手还是住进去
Waiting to see what happens.	看情况发展了
I got to get the kids going.	我得回去看孩子们了
One of my fighters pussied-out on me, I had to fill in.	我的一个娘炮拳手临阵跳票了 我得替他上场
Looks like the pussy had the right idea.	看来那娘炮跳票是正确的
Get some ice on that eye.	敷些冰在眼睛上
I can make PB&Js instead , but I'm gonna need more bread.	我可以用黄油果酱三明治替代 但得买些面包
Liam had me up ha1f the night banging his head.	利亚姆半夜撞头把我闹醒了
I need my own room.	人家需要自己的房间
I'm going to be a woman soon.	很快就要变成女人了
I need privacy to undergo the upcoming traumatic transformation.	我需要隐私以承受 即将到来的创伤性转变
What are we ta1king about?	我们在讨论什么
First day care kid is here.	第一个日托小孩来了
It's not gonna happen, Debs.	不可能 小黛
My red worms have been working overtime this year.	我的活赤虫今年加班工作
None of god's bounty ever needs go to waste.	主之恩赐一点也不会浪费
I, uh, I can't find my watch.	我 我找不到我的表
I had mom move her rainy day fund after what happened last time.	经历上次事件后 我让妈妈把应急基金放到别处 了
Karen, the omelets are ready!	凯伦 煎蛋卷好了
I had nothing to do with that.	那事跟我完全没关系
I hid her ATM card, too, So don't even try taking that again.	我把她的银行卡也拿走了 所以别想把那个再拿走
Her nose has been running, but I think it's just the glue that Jeff's been using on the new kitchen linoleum.	她一直在流鼻涕 但我觉得只是因为 杰夫用在厨房油毡上的新胶水所致
Ooh. Hey, there you go. There's cinderella.	坐好了 漂亮的灰姑娘
Free play, lunch, nap, pool, Dr. Oz, twinkies and milk, parent pickup.	自由游戏 午餐 午觉 游泳 欧思医生 面包牛奶 家长接小孩
Oh, and don't wake you unless there's blood or exposed bone.	除非有人流血或 筋骨毕露否则不叫你起床
You see Kash last night?	你昨晚看到凯希了吗
No. - He didn't come home again.	没有 -他又没回家
Had to open the shop by myself.	得靠我一个人来开店
How old are you, eight?	你才多大啊 8岁吗
Get the hell out of here.	给我滚出去
I got to get upstairs.	我得走了
The twins are going to be late for swim team at the mosque.	双胞胎去游泳队要迟到了
You come to work hungry, you pay like everybody else.	你吃也要和其他人一样付钱
Where the hell have you been?	你去哪鬼混了
What are you looking at?	看我干嘛
Go microwave me a burrito and stock the cooler.	去给我热个玉米饼 再给冰柜补货
Hey, you try starting this thing since last summer?	你从去年夏天就开始鼓捣那玩意了
I'll go chase the rats out of the coolers.	我去把冰柜里的老鼠赶出来
Going to take him to the aquarium.	去水族馆
When are you bringing him back?	你什么时候带他回来
I'll bring him back when I'm damn ready.	我想什么时候带回来就什么时候带回来
I'm his father, we need time together.	我是他爸 我们需要享受父子时光
Stan's yelling again, So loud you can hear him through the floor.	斯坦又在嚷嚷了 吵得楼下都能听见
Oh, yesterday it was Nixon and Jimmy carter.	昨天是在骂尼克松和吉米·卡特
He keeps going downhill like this, You're going to have to call Becky.	他最近状态越来越差 你该打给贝基了
That's what you call trying to take out the trash naked ?	你管裸体倒垃圾叫坏吗
I know you love the old racist bastard, But if it were my dad, I'd want to know he was going south.	我知道你爱那个种族歧视的老混蛋 但如果他是 我爸 他情况不好我会想办法
It's probably time for her to think about putting him in a home.	是时候让她考虑 送他去养老院了
N-no, I don't want to watch my language.	不 我不想注意我的言辞
You know, I've been running this bar for 40 years And I never got a bill that was even close to a grand.	这酒吧我开了40年了 电费从来没超过一千块
All I want is for them to send me one of their Taco-eating, wetback meter readers to come here And check out the fucking thing!	我只想让他们再派个 墨西哥廉价劳工过来 他 妈的好好再查一下
Nah, that's it, get me my shotgun.	够了 去把我的猎枪拿来
I'm going to go down there and blow the cunt's head off.	我要去把那个荡妇的脑袋轰下来
The only mistake they made was fucking with me.	他们就错就错在惹急了老子
All right, Stan, would you please sit down?	好了 斯坦 坐下来吧
Stan, sit down before you blow another ventricle.	斯坦 别又搞出心脏病了
I'm gonna take care of this, all right?	让我来处理 好吗
Arizona's got the right idea, boy-- Take 'em down to the border and throw 'em over the goddamn fence!	亚利桑那人是对的 把他们带到边境 然后扔过去
We may need to sell some pot.	得卖点大麻
Isn't that what we always do?	不是一直在卖吗
You know how she told you about that kick- ass worm shit	你还记得她种西红柿的时候 和你说的关于虫子的
You know how I usually grow a couple plants to get us through the summer?	你还记得我以前都只种一点 好让我们撑过夏天 吗
Wait, so what's the problem?	等等 那问题是什么
We need nine grand or they're gonna shut the power off to the building.	要九千块 不然他们就要断掉这栋楼的电
Mr. Kevin is going to help all the old people   who are going blind.	凯文先生要用赚来的钱 帮助那些快要失明的老人
I don't know, a couple hundred pounds or so.	不知道 至少一百多磅吧
I'm gonna start drying what I can, but that won't fetch more than a couple grand or so by Friday.	我已经开始加工了 但周五前也只能赚一千多块
Well, you know what? Maybe we could, uh, unload some of the plants?	不然我们可以 直接卖掉一些
Yeah, how much would we have to sell?	要卖掉多少
Lip, who the hell around here has two grand for a plant ?	利普 这里谁出的起两千来买
I might know a guy.	我没准能找到一个
V's going to kill me.	小维会杀了我的
She's going to fucking kill me.	她绝对会杀了我的
I promised her that I wouldn't sell More than three or four this year.	我向她保证 今年不卖超过四棵
Normally I throw a bunch of seeds around, see which looks best, thin out the rest, But this year I couldn't.	平常我都是随便撒一堆种子 挑几个看起来好的 剪掉其他的 但今年不行
I just couldn't do it.	我下不了手
That was great last night.	昨晚很不错
You were serious about that?	你当真啦
Get me the goddamn tin snips.	把我的钳子拿来
I-if, if I had won, I wouldn't expect you to pay me.	如果我赢了 我才不会要你的钱呢
Yeah, let me tell you something, If I don't get my fucking money, I'm cutting toes off and cauterizing 'em with a blowtorch.	我告诉你 如果我拿不到钱 我就剪掉你的脚趾 再用喷灯烧
I was only out there for 45 minutes!	我刚干了45分钟
We'll keep the kid. Yeah, as collateral.	我们留着孩子当抵押
Come back with my fucking money, You get the kid.	你去把我的钱拿来 我再把孩子给你
I-I-I'll bring you your money, But you can't keep the kid.	我会给你钱的 但你不能把孩子留下
I'll get you your money-- we can work this out.	我能给你钱 能想出办法的
Light it up, get him up.	点火 把他弄起来
Get up out of here.	滚吧
Well... Excuse me. I gotta go.	不好意思 失陪了
All she ever wants to do is discuss the lake  poets.	她唯一想做就是和我讨论湖畔诗人
May be time to give up on the 22-year-old grad students, Start banging in your own decade .	没准是时候放弃22岁年轻学生 开始泡和你同龄 的人了
22-year-old grad students is the reason I got into teaching.	我就是为了这些年轻学生才当老师的
I'm too old to start over now.	现在回头已经晚了
What the hell is that anyway?	这玩意到底是什么
Shows me where all the cops are in a given area at any given time.	来告诉我警察的位置 任何时间 任何地点
What, trying to make sure our community is receiving its fair share of law enforcement resources?	怎么 确保我们的社区跟警察 享有同样的讯息 犯法吗
Why not? - Listen, I-I got a lunch date, I got to go.	何尝不可 -我有个饭局 先走了
Yeah? - Yeah, well, who knows if it'll work, but it'll put some government-issued pork in my pocket.	真的 -是的 谁知道能成不 不过好歹能拿到点政 府的拨款
Listen, why don't you help us with it?	怎么 不打算参一脚吗
You're gonna have to figure out how to blowup	怎么炸死阿富汗牧羊人这种事
You don't have a car.	你压根儿就没车
This, my young progeny, is Dr. Frank's magic moneymaking fun dust.	我的小儿啊 这是 弗兰克医生的魔法享乐赚钱 粉末
Hey, maybe we can talk the electric company into taking a down payment , You know, payment plan kind of deal.	或许我们可以跟电力公司谈谈 先付头期款 分 期付款之类的
Hey, what's going on? - Uh, can I get a watermelon bob-pop, bubble gum snow cone, and a chocolate crunch?	需要些什么 -我要一瓶西瓜汽水 泡泡堂果味冰 霜卷 还有条松脆巧克力
What can I get you, champ? - Lemon-lime shot, Chocolate chip cookie bar, and a Molson's.	要什么 犄角娃 -柠檬莱姆酒 巧克力饼干棒 还 有瓶莫尔森啤酒
We sell American beer here to children of age.	我们的美国啤酒只卖给达到法定年龄的孩子
Come back for a Bud light when you're 16.	到16岁再回来买百威淡啤吧
Hey. You taking Little League book like you did last year?	少年棒球联赛还能像去年那样下注吗
Absolutely, what do you want? - Marlins.	当然 选哪支队 -马林鱼队
Nope. Closest unit is a foot patrol over by the play structure .	没 最近的条子分队 是在儿童游乐场的步行巡警
Well, I didn't get in till 4:00 a.M.	我凌晨四点才回家
I don't know. We got to talking about music yesterday, and he showed me a bunch of bands I've never heard of.	我也不清楚 昨天我们聊了聊音乐 他给我听了 一些从没听过的乐队的歌
My favorite was called Guns N' Roses.	其中 我最爱的叫做枪炮玫瑰
You know, he laid out a blanket in the park, and we listened to his iPod, and fell asleep in each others' arms.	他在公园铺了张毯子 我们一起听着他的iPod 然后相枕入眠
I mean , all teenagers are sex addicts.	所有的青少年们都嗜性成瘾啊
Yeah, but I've been having sex since I was 11.	可是我11岁起就开始做爱了
I don't know. Jody and I don't want the physical to complicate things for us.	我也不知道 乔迪和我不不想让性 把事情变得 复杂
Yeah, but we can still get, uh, complicated , right?	可是我俩 还可以复杂 对吧
You have any trouble today?	今天有出什么事吗
Little Charlie had a major diaper malfunction.	小查理尿到外面了
Said he was taking him to the zoo.	他说带利亚姆去了动物园
Hugo. How's it going? - Go away, Frank.	雨果 近来可好 -滚 弗兰克
Is Mr. Todd here today?	托德先生今天在吗
You're always in trouble. - Come on, hugo.	你总惹麻烦 -别这样 雨果
You know me. I wouldn't be here unless I was desperate .	不到走投无路我不会来这的 你懂的
Hold on. You got more takers.	等等 你还得接一些客
Want me to start calling around?	要我打电话问问吗
No, I'll swing by the Alibi before work, see what he's up to.	不 上班前我去艾莱柏酒吧看看 看看他想干嘛
Probably has him out panhandling again.	或许他又带着利亚姆沿街行乞去了
David has a friend coming into town from New York.	大卫有个纽约朋友来芝加哥了
You take money from David?	你从大卫那拿什么好处了吗
That's what rich people like to do.	有钱人就喜欢这样
Rich guys like a pretty girl on their arm, so, why not let them spoil us?	有钱人喜欢美女依偎在他们的臂弯 所以 就给 他们宠溺我们的机会吧
Kash, I'm off. Can I go?	凯希 我下班了 能走了吗
I can't do this anymore.	我不能再这样了
What am I going to do?	我该怎么做啊
How was last night with Jasmine and Grandpa?	昨晚跟茉莉和那老男人一起如何
Seems like it works out for everybody.	这样对谁都好
Yeah? You think it works out for his wife and her husband?	是吗 对他们各自的配偶也好吗
How serious are you about this one?	跟这家伙是认真的吗
I got my running shoes in the car, and I want a rematch.	我都把运动鞋放在车上了 我想重新比赛一次
No shit. What record did you break?	不是吧 你打破什么纪录了
I mean, coach thought I might be able to.	我是说教练认为我或许能打破
What was the record the time that you were gonna break?	那时你可能打破的记录成绩是多少
Come on, what was the time?	说嘛 成绩多少
Coach thought I might be able to break five minutes, 25.	教练认为我能打破5分25秒的纪录
I bet that you could break it now. You know what?	我打赌你现在能打破 你知道吗
We'll find a track, and we'll get a stopwatch.	我们找条道 拿只秒表
Yup. We are back in the ice cream business.	修好了 我们的冰激凌行当再次开张
How was work? - Weird.	工作怎么样 -怪怪的
What the hell is this?	这他妈是什么
Wanted to see what it would to take to get in.	我想看看想要进那所学校需要什么条件
Well, I was in ROTC for two years,	我在预备军官训练队待了两年
I mean, you really want to get your ass shot off in some 'stan somewhere?	我是说你真想在 叫 什么什么斯坦 的地方挨枪 子吗
Don't worry. It was really discouraging.	别担心 看了那个我老郁闷了
I'd need, like, a 4.2 gpa, a massive SAT	我需要4点2的平均分 高考要拿超高分 还他妈
Only thing I know I can pass for sure is the fitness test.	我唯一能确定通过的就是身体测试
Oh, so, what, the army requires straight a's now to get your leg blown off in Kabul?	怎么 现在军队害你在喀布尔腿部中弹 还必须 要求你是全优生吗
You really want this shit?	你真想进那所学校吗
All right, then, fuck it. Let's make this shit happen.	那操他的 我帮你达成所愿
I still think it's fucking stupid.	不过我真心认为这很傻逼
Uh, get off... Get out of here. You better run.	一边去 赶紧出去 快跑吧你
I know. Baby, I know. I got carried away.	我知道 宝贝 我过火了
You can't sell it. We got to get rid of it.	你不能卖 你得处理掉
This is Mexican cartel, 60 years in the federal slammer pot.	这是墨西哥贩毒集团级别 要蹲60年大牢的
Wait, wait. What are you talking about? Destroy it?	等等 你说什么 毁掉吗
Frank, where have you been? I've been worried sick.	你去哪儿了 我担心死了
You didn't come home for dinner.	你没回来吃饭
I have done everything I can think of and I still didn't make enough money today.	我做了我能做的一切 可今天还是没有搞到足够 的钱
Well, I, I have $80 in my purse .	我包里有80美元
I think I might have really screwed up this time.	我想我这次真的是搞砸了
It's been crazy exciting to see these cubs following their mom like this.	看到这些幼崽这样跟着他们的妈妈 真是令人兴奋
Frank didn't bring him back?	弗兰克没送他回来吗
Where the hell is he?	他妈的 他在哪儿
Who the fuck are you?	你他妈是谁
Hey, good to see you. - Shut the fuck up.	见到你真高兴 -给我闭嘴
I don't know, but we're good for it.	我不知道 但是我们说到做到
Now, where the hell is our brother?	我们的弟弟呢
It was a joke, you know?	是个玩笑
Ian, tell Kash to get his ass up here. I need him.	伊恩 叫凯希上来 我需要他
Can you do me a favor, Ian?	能帮我个忙吗 伊恩
Can you give me a bit of a head start?	你能帮我拖延点时间吗
What do I tell your kids?	我跟你的孩子怎么说
You're not going to believe the night I had.	你不会相信我昨晚有多糟
Think I may need some field hands.	我需要帮手
We handed over all the cash that we'd made so far this summer and we still owe him, like, six grand.	我们把夏天赚的所有钱都拿了出去 可还欠他六 千美元
That's the money that we count on to get us through the winter.	那是我们过冬要指望的钱
Well, what was it, some kind of bet?	怎么回事 打赌吗
Now we'll be lucky if we can bank enough to get us to Christmas.	现在能赚够过到圣诞节的钱就算我们走运了
Yeah, hey, V, can we at least save some for the ice cream truck, you know, keep it stocked all summer?	对啊 小维 我们能至少留点 放在冰激凌车里 存 着卖吗
How much is that? - One bag should do it.	要多少 -一袋就够了
It's the least we can do to thank you for your hard work.	你们这么辛苦就算是奖励你们吧
Bye, baby, I'll see you later, okay?	拜拜 宝贝 过会儿见
Seems like such a waste. - You got any better ideas?	真是浪费 -你有更好的主意吗
I might even make it to the mailbox.	我有可能走到邮箱那里
Heirlooms? - Yes, they are, cherokee purples.	杂交品种吗 -是啊 切罗基紫番茄
I can give you some worms to get you started.	我可以先给你点虫子 你也可以种
I was thinking I should start a garden. - You should.	我正想要搞个花园呢 -你应该搞
I'll go change, grab a shovel.	我去换衣服 拿个铲子
On your mark, get set.	各就各位 预备
Why don't you live your own home with your real family?	你为什么不住自己家 跟自己的家人在一起
I don't like them. And they don't like me.	我不喜欢他们 他们也不喜欢我
I need my own room. Frank's been gone for a month.	我需要单独的房间 弗兰克都走了一个月了
You live in Frank's room. Lip takes yours.	你住弗兰克的房间 利普住你的
You gonna slow down on the work and enjoy the summer.	别总是工作 享受夏天嘛
I'll keep that in mind, but I'll feed my family dog food January.	是啊 到时一月我就得喂家里人狗粮了